woe to those who decree unrighteous
woe to those who decree unrighteous decrees who write misfortune which they
decrees who write misfortune which they
decrees who write misfortune which they have prescribed to rob the needy of
have prescribed to rob the needy of
have prescribed to rob the needy of justice and to take what is right from
justice and to take what is right from
justice and to take what is right from the poor of my people but widows may be
the poor of my people but widows may be
the poor of my people but widows may be their prey and that they may rob the
their prey and that they may rob the
their prey and that they may rob the fatherless what will you do in the day
fatherless what will you do in the day
fatherless what will you do in the day of punishment and in the desolation
of punishment and in the desolation
of punishment and in the desolation which will come from afar to whom will
which will come from afar to whom will
which will come from afar to whom will you flee for help and where will you
you flee for help and where will you
you flee for help and where will you leave your glory without me they shall
leave your glory without me they shall
leave your glory without me they shall bow down among the prisons and they
bow down among the prisons and they
bow down among the prisons and they shall fall among the slain for all this
shall fall among the slain for all this
shall fall among the slain for all this his anger is not turned away but his
his anger is not turned away but his
his anger is not turned away but his hand is stretched out still woe to
hand is stretched out still woe to
hand is stretched out still woe to Assyria the rod of my anger and the
Assyria the rod of my anger and the
Assyria the rod of my anger and the staff in whose hand is my indignation I
staff in whose hand is my indignation I
staff in whose hand is my indignation I will send him against an ungodly nation
will send him against an ungodly nation
will send him against an ungodly nation and against the people of my wrath I
and against the people of my wrath I
and against the people of my wrath I will give him charge to seize the spoil
will give him charge to seize the spoil
will give him charge to seize the spoil to take the prey and to tread them down
to take the prey and to tread them down
to take the prey and to tread them down like the mire of the streets yet he does
like the mire of the streets yet he does
like the mire of the streets yet he does not mean so nor does his heart think so
not mean so nor does his heart think so
not mean so nor does his heart think so but it is in his heart to destroy and
but it is in his heart to destroy and
but it is in his heart to destroy and cut off not a few nations for he says
cut off not a few nations for he says
cut off not a few nations for he says are not my Prince's altogether Kings is
are not my Prince's altogether Kings is
are not my Prince's altogether Kings is not kaol no like Amish is not hey
not kaol no like Amish is not hey
not kaol no like Amish is not hey math like our pad is not Samaria like
math like our pad is not Samaria like
math like our pad is not Samaria like Damascus as my hand has found the
Damascus as my hand has found the
Damascus as my hand has found the kingdoms of the idols whose carved
kingdoms of the idols whose carved
kingdoms of the idols whose carved images excelled those of Jerusalem and
images excelled those of Jerusalem and
images excelled those of Jerusalem and Samaria as I have done to Samaria and
Samaria as I have done to Samaria and
Samaria as I have done to Samaria and her idols shall I not do also to
her idols shall I not do also to
her idols shall I not do also to Jerusalem and her I
Jerusalem and her I
Jerusalem and her I therefore it shall come to pass when the
therefore it shall come to pass when the
therefore it shall come to pass when the Lord has performed all his work on Mount
Lord has performed all his work on Mount
Lord has performed all his work on Mount Zion and on Jerusalem that he will say I
Zion and on Jerusalem that he will say I
Zion and on Jerusalem that he will say I will punish the fruit of the arrogant
will punish the fruit of the arrogant
will punish the fruit of the arrogant heart of the king of Assyria and the
heart of the king of Assyria and the
heart of the king of Assyria and the glory of his haughty looks by the
glory of his haughty looks by the
glory of his haughty looks by the strength of my hand I have done it and
strength of my hand I have done it and
strength of my hand I have done it and by my wisdom for I am prudent also I
by my wisdom for I am prudent also I
by my wisdom for I am prudent also I have removed the boundaries of the
have removed the boundaries of the
have removed the boundaries of the people and have robbed their treasures
people and have robbed their treasures
people and have robbed their treasures so I have put down the inhabitants like
so I have put down the inhabitants like
so I have put down the inhabitants like a valiant man my hand has found like a
a valiant man my hand has found like a
a valiant man my hand has found like a nest the riches of the people and as one
nest the riches of the people and as one
nest the riches of the people and as one gathers eggs that are left I have
gathers eggs that are left I have
gathers eggs that are left I have gathered all the earth and there was no
gathered all the earth and there was no
gathered all the earth and there was no one who moved his wing nor opened his
one who moved his wing nor opened his
one who moved his wing nor opened his mouth with even a peep
mouth with even a peep
mouth with even a peep shall the acts boast itself against him
shall the acts boast itself against him
shall the acts boast itself against him who chops with it or shall the saw exalt
who chops with it or shall the saw exalt
who chops with it or shall the saw exalt itself against him who saws with it as
itself against him who saws with it as
itself against him who saws with it as if a rod could wield itself against
if a rod could wield itself against
if a rod could wield itself against those who lift it up or as if a staff
those who lift it up or as if a staff
those who lift it up or as if a staff could lift up as if it were not wood
could lift up as if it were not wood
could lift up as if it were not wood therefore the Lord the Lord of Hosts
therefore the Lord the Lord of Hosts
therefore the Lord the Lord of Hosts will send leanness among his fat ones
will send leanness among his fat ones
will send leanness among his fat ones and under his glory he will Kindle a
and under his glory he will Kindle a
and under his glory he will Kindle a burning like the burning of a fire so
burning like the burning of a fire so
burning like the burning of a fire so the light of Israel will be for a fire
the light of Israel will be for a fire
the light of Israel will be for a fire and his Holy One for a flame it will
and his Holy One for a flame it will
and his Holy One for a flame it will burn and devour his thorns and his
burn and devour his thorns and his
burn and devour his thorns and his briars in one day and it will consume
briars in one day and it will consume
briars in one day and it will consume the glory of his forest and of his
the glory of his forest and of his
the glory of his forest and of his fruitful field both soul and body and
fruitful field both soul and body and
fruitful field both soul and body and they will be as when a sick man wastes
they will be as when a sick man wastes
they will be as when a sick man wastes away then the rest of the trees of his
away then the rest of the trees of his
away then the rest of the trees of his forest will be so few in number that a
forest will be so few in number that a
forest will be so few in number that a child may write them and it shall come
child may write them and it shall come
child may write them and it shall come to pass in that day that the remnant of
to pass in that day that the remnant of
to pass in that day that the remnant of Israel and such as have escaped of the
Israel and such as have escaped of the
Israel and such as have escaped of the house of Jacob will never again depend
house of Jacob will never again depend
house of Jacob will never again depend on him who defeated them but will depend
on him who defeated them but will depend
on him who defeated them but will depend on the Lord the Holy One of Israel in
on the Lord the Holy One of Israel in
on the Lord the Holy One of Israel in truth the remnant will return the
truth the remnant will return the
truth the remnant will return the remnant of Jacob to the mighty God for
remnant of Jacob to the mighty God for
remnant of Jacob to the mighty God for though your people o Israel be as the
though your people o Israel be as the
though your people o Israel be as the sand of the sea a remnant of them will
sand of the sea a remnant of them will
sand of the sea a remnant of them will return the destruction decreed shall
return the destruction decreed shall
return the destruction decreed shall overflow with righteousness for the Lord
overflow with righteousness for the Lord
overflow with righteousness for the Lord God of hosts will make a determined end
God of hosts will make a determined end
God of hosts will make a determined end in the midst of all the land therefore
in the midst of all the land therefore
in the midst of all the land therefore thus says the Lord God of hosts o my
thus says the Lord God of hosts o my
thus says the Lord God of hosts o my people who dwell in silent do not be
people who dwell in silent do not be
people who dwell in silent do not be afraid of the Assyrian he shall strike
afraid of the Assyrian he shall strike
afraid of the Assyrian he shall strike you with a rod and lift up his staff
you with a rod and lift up his staff
you with a rod and lift up his staff against you in the manner of Egypt for
against you in the manner of Egypt for
against you in the manner of Egypt for yet a very little while and the
yet a very little while and the
yet a very little while and the indignation will cease as will my anger
indignation will cease as will my anger
indignation will cease as will my anger in their destruction and the Lord of
in their destruction and the Lord of
in their destruction and the Lord of hosts will stir up a scourge for him
hosts will stir up a scourge for him
hosts will stir up a scourge for him like the slaughter of Midian at the rock
like the slaughter of Midian at the rock
like the slaughter of Midian at the rock of horeb as his rod was on the sea so
of horeb as his rod was on the sea so
of horeb as his rod was on the sea so will he lift it up in the manner of
will he lift it up in the manner of
will he lift it up in the manner of Egypt it shall come to pass in that day
Egypt it shall come to pass in that day
Egypt it shall come to pass in that day that his burden will be taken away from
that his burden will be taken away from
that his burden will be taken away from your shoulder and his yoke from your
your shoulder and his yoke from your
your shoulder and his yoke from your neck and the yoke will be destroyed
neck and the yoke will be destroyed
neck and the yoke will be destroyed because of the anointing oil he has come
because of the anointing oil he has come
because of the anointing oil he has come to a Jeff he has passed micron and
to a Jeff he has passed micron and
to a Jeff he has passed micron and mcNeish he has attended to his equipment
mcNeish he has attended to his equipment
mcNeish he has attended to his equipment they have gone along the ridge they have
they have gone along the ridge they have
they have gone along the ridge they have taken up lodging at giba Rama is afraid
taken up lodging at giba Rama is afraid
taken up lodging at giba Rama is afraid Gibeah of Saul has fled lift up your
Gibeah of Saul has fled lift up your
Gibeah of Saul has fled lift up your voice Oh daughter of Gallen caused it to
voice Oh daughter of Gallen caused it to
voice Oh daughter of Gallen caused it to be heard as far as leash
be heard as far as leash
be heard as far as leash oh poor Anathoth mad mina has fled the
oh poor Anathoth mad mina has fled the
oh poor Anathoth mad mina has fled the inhabitants of Gibbon seek refuge as yet
inhabitants of Gibbon seek refuge as yet
inhabitants of Gibbon seek refuge as yet he will remain at Nob that day
he will remain at Nob that day
he will remain at Nob that day he will shake his fist at the Mount of
he will shake his fist at the Mount of
he will shake his fist at the Mount of the daughter of Zion the hill of
the daughter of Zion the hill of
the daughter of Zion the hill of Jerusalem behold the Lord the Lord of
Jerusalem behold the Lord the Lord of
Jerusalem behold the Lord the Lord of hosts will lop off the bow with terror
hosts will lop off the bow with terror
hosts will lop off the bow with terror those of high stature will be hewn down
those of high stature will be hewn down
those of high stature will be hewn down and the haughty will be humbled he will
and the haughty will be humbled he will
and the haughty will be humbled he will cut down the thickets of the forest with
cut down the thickets of the forest with
cut down the thickets of the forest with iron and Lebanon will fall by the mighty
iron and Lebanon will fall by the mighty
iron and Lebanon will fall by the mighty one